README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/TasklyCover.png" width=700>
</p>

A new Flutter app project to manage tasks.

[![Let's fund issues in this repository](https://issuehunt.io/static/embed/issuehunt-button-v1.svg)](https://issuehunt.io/r/JobinBiju/Taskly)

# Getting Started

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

# App UI

App UI are given below.

## Screens

<br>

| <img align="left" alt="Splash Screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/splash.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Welcome Screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/welcome.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Login Screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/login.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Dashboard" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/yellowLight.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

| <img align="left" alt="Daily Tasks" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/dailyTasks.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="All Tasks" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/allTasks.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Profile" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/profile.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Settings" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/settings.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

| <img align="left" alt="Edit Account" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/editAccount.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Add Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/addTaskFn.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Icon Selection" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/iconSelection.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Update Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/updateTaskFn.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

| <img align="left" alt="Edit Account" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/editOption.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Add Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/deleteOption.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Icon Selection" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/confirmDelete.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Update Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/confirmLogOut.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

<div> </div>
<hr>
<br>

## Different Themes

<br>

| <img align="left" alt="Yellow Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/yellowLight.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Red Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/redLight.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Teal Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/tealLight.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Green Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/greenLight.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

| <img align="left" alt="Yellow Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/yellowDark.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Red Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/redDark.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Teal Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/tealDark.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Green Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/greenDark.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

<br>

## Contribution

- Fork this project, add improvements & make a pull request.
- Send feedback & sugestions [here.](https://wa.me/918281392010/)

<br>

## Support

Support this project by giving a star, sharing with your friends.

Commit message:

Updated Readme with install instructions

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/TasklyCover.png" width=700>
</p>

A new Flutter app project to manage tasks.

[![Let's fund issues in this repository](https://issuehunt.io/static/embed/issuehunt-button-v1.svg)](https://issuehunt.io/r/JobinBiju/Taskly)

# Getting Started

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

# Installation

- Install & setup flutter through above documentation.
- Fork & then clone this repository.
- Open the project folder in the IDE where flutter is setup.
- Connect a physical device or run the app via emulator.

# App UI

App UI are given below.

## Screens

<br>

| <img align="left" alt="Splash Screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/splash.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Welcome Screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/welcome.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Login Screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/login.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Dashboard" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/yellowLight.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

| <img align="left" alt="Daily Tasks" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/dailyTasks.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="All Tasks" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/allTasks.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Profile" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/profile.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Settings" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/settings.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

| <img align="left" alt="Edit Account" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/editAccount.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Add Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/addTaskFn.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Icon Selection" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/iconSelection.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Update Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/updateTaskFn.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

| <img align="left" alt="Edit Account" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/editOption.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Add Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/deleteOption.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Icon Selection" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/confirmDelete.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Update Task Sheet" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/confirmLogOut.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

<div> </div>
<hr>
<br>

## Different Themes

<br>

| <img align="left" alt="Yellow Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/yellowLight.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Red Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/redLight.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Teal Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/tealLight.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Green Light" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/greenLight.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

| <img align="left" alt="Yellow Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/yellowDark.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Red Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/redDark.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Teal Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/tealDark.jpg" width="200px" /> | <img align="left" alt="Green Dark" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JobinBiju/Taskly/main/assets/readmeFiles/greenDark.jpg" width="200px" /> |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

<br>

## Contribution

- Fork this project, add improvements & make a pull request.
- Send feedback & sugestions [here.](https://wa.me/918281392010/)

<br>

## Support

Support this project by giving a star, sharing with your friends.
